Which Go router should I use? (with flowchart)
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/which-go-router-should-i-use

Organizing a Go module - Server project
https://go.dev/doc/modules/layout#server-project

How to Disable FileServer Directory Listings
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/disable-http-fileserver-directory-listings

Organising Database Access in Go
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/organising-database-access

Using a closure to pass dependencies to handlers
https://gist.github.com/alexedwards/5cd712192b4831058b21

Separation of Concerns
https://deviq.com/principles/separation-of-concerns

Embedding in Go: Part 1 - structs in structs
https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2020/embedding-in-go-part-1-structs-in-structs/

Tutorial: Getting started with generics
https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/generics

GopherCon 2021: Generics! - Robert Griesemer & Ian Lance Taylor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa_e9EeCdy8

Renew the Session ID After Any Privilege Level Change
https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Session_Management_Cheat_Sheet.html#renew-the-session-id-after-any-privilege-level-change

Life of an HTTP request in a Go server
https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2021/life-of-an-http-request-in-a-go-server/

Content Security Policy (CSP)
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP

Validation Snippets for Go
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/validation-snippets-for-go

HTTP/2 and http2 in Go 1.6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FARQMJndUn0

Cross-Site Request Forgery Prevention Cheat Sheet
https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html

CSRF Demystified
https://www.gnucitizen.org/blog/csrf-demystified/

MySQL 8.0 Error Message Reference
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-errors/8.0/en/

CSS Preprocessors - Sass vs Less
https://www.keycdn.com/blog/sass-vs-less


Effective Go
https://go.dev/doc/effective_go

Practical Go: Real world advice for writing maintainable Go programs
https://dave.cheney.net/practical-go/presentations/qcon-china.html

Go Wiki: Go Code Review Comments
https://go.dev/wiki/CodeReviewComments

Clear is better than clever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwEuRO_w8HE

What's in a name?
https://go.dev/talks/2014/names.slide#1

Go Proverbs
https://go-proverbs.github.io/


Don't fear the pointer
https://bitfieldconsulting.com/posts/pointers

Golang Interfaces Explained
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/interfaces-explained

Data Races vs Race Conditions
https://cronokirby.github.io/posts/data-races-vs-race-conditions

Understanding Mutexes
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/understanding-mutexes

Go Wiki: Go Modules
https://go.dev/wiki/Modules

Go Wiki: Error Values: Frequently Asked Questions
https://go.dev/wiki/ErrorValueFAQ

An Overview of Go's Tooling
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/an-overview-of-go-tooling

A Step-by-Step Guide to Go Internationalization
https://phrase.com/blog/posts/internationalization-i18n-go/

Learning Goâ€™s Concurrency Through Illustrations
https://medium.com/@trevor4e/learning-gos-concurrency-through-illustrations-8c4aff603b3

How to write benchmarks in Go
https://dave.cheney.net/2013/06/30/how-to-write-benchmarks-in-go

Traps gotchas and common mistakes for new golang devs
https://web.archive.org/web/20240601000000*/http://devs.cloudimmunity.com/gotchas-and-common-mistakes-in-go-golang/


Awesome Go
https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go

Go Wiki: Projects
https://go.dev/wiki/Projects
